SPA algorithm for computation of sun position
Thanks to: http://rredc.nrel.gov/solar/codesandalgorithms/spa/

Data and Software

Access to or use of any data or software made available on this server ("Data")
shall impose the following obligations on the user, and use of the Data
constitutes user's agreement to these terms. The user is granted the right,
without any fee or cost, to use or copy the Data, provided that this entire
notice appears in all copies of the Data.  Further, the user agrees to credit
the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE)/NREL/ALLIANCE in any publication that
results from the use of the Data.  The names DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE, however, may
not be used in any advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products
or commercial entities unless specific written permission is obtained from
DOE/NREL/ ALLIANCE.  The user also understands that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE are not
obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training or
assistance of any kind with regard to the use of the Data or to provide the
user with any updates, revisions or new versions thereof. DOE, NREL, and
ALLIANCE do not guarantee or endorse any results generated by use of the Data,
and user is entirely responsible for the results and any reliance on the
results or the Data in general.

USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES,
OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING
REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO USERâ€™S USE OF THE DATA.  THE DATA ARE
PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE "AS IS," AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH
THE LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM AN ACTION IN CONTRACT,
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA.

Full details: https://www.nrel.gov/disclaimer.html
